The Project Gutenberg eBook of Plane Jane
    
This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this eBook.

Title: Plane Jane

Author: Frederick C. Davis

Release date: April 27, 2024 [eBook #73483]

Language: English

Original publication: New York, NY: Flying Stories, Inc, 1928

Credits: Roger Frank and Sue Clark


*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PLANE JANE ***


                               PLANE JANE

                          By Frederick C. Davis

            Author of “Haunted Hangars,” “Ordeal By Air,” etc.

Don’t go wonderin’ if I’m a expert on the subject, but ain’t there a kind
of girl that looks her prettiest when she’s wearin’ a kitchen dress and
rollin’ out biscuits? And ain’t there another sort of girl who transforms
herself into the most beautiful when she appears in a filmy evenin’ gown
and waits for you to waft her out into the moonlight? Then there’s another
that becomes the one and only when she is wool from head to toe and
cuddlin’ beside you on a toboggan. And there’s one who is a shade above
Venus when she comes slashin’ out of the surf glistenin’ and lithe and
fresh.

Jane Alton wasn’t any of these kinds, but, oh, what a dream she was in a
flyin’ suit! Jane was born to ornament the air. With a stick in her hand
and flyin’ joy in her eyes, she was an angel--and, of course, bein’ an
angel, she belonged in the sky. She put herself there every chance she
got!

It was a mornin’ full of smooth air and high visibility when Jane came
rompin’ around the hangars, shinin’ leather all over and, seein’ us,
smiled brighter ’n the sun and ran straight for our plane.

Ned Knight was in the fore cubby, jazzin’ the motor, ready for a take-off.
He grinned and remarked over his shoulder:

“Benny, ol’ nut-twister, here’s where you lose your seat, back there.
Jane’s all set to take another trip to her home port, Heaven, and there’s
no use tryin’ to stop her. Better start gettin’ out.”

I’d already begun startin’, and I was all the way out when Jane came up
laughin’.

“Thank you, you ol’ darlin’,” she said to me, and I ain’t so old, either.
“I can’t wait another minute to get up into all that glorious sky. Ned,
would you mind changin’ back to Benny’s seat?”

“What!” barked Ned. “Listen, Jane. I’m takin’ this little Alton up for a
check-ride. Your Dad is waitin’ for the data on it. Just this time won’t
you ride in back, just this once, and lemme--”

“Ned Knight,” came back Jane, “am I not the holder of a pilot’s license?”

“Yes, but--”

“Haven’t you, my only instructor, pronounced me to be a flyer equal to any
other you know?”

“You sure are, Jane, but--”

“Can’t I handle that stick and do a good job of gatherin’ data myself?”

“I’m not sayin’ you can’t, but--”

“Do you want me to go up in another plane, _without you_, Ned Knight?”

“No!” said Ned, and so he began gettin’ out!

Me, I couldn’t ’ve held out half that long against Jane Alton. I was
plenty crazy about that girl, but bein’ only a grease-monkey, and havin’ a
map resemblin’ a mauled-up bulldog’s, I confined myself to bein’ just her
slave. Ned Knight, however, being the best flyer in the state, and the
handsomest in six, got a lot of time from her. I suspected maybe that
there was some kind of romance goin’ on there, between the flyer and the
daughter of the plant owner, ’cause they flew a lot together, those two.

So, with Ned back in the rear pit, Jane climbed into the front one,
settled to the controls, jazzed the motor, and waved one tiny gloved hand
to me. I socked the blocks; she stepped on the gas; and the Alton was off.
It trundled to the other edge of the sand, and Jane pulled it up neatly;
she circled twice, got herself a nice lot of altitude, rode a few air
waves in sheer joy, and then deadheaded across the blue.

Now and then she cut the motor. Say, there wasn’t any tellin’ what went on
between them two, all alone up there, so close to Heaven! I know they
didn’t exactly dislike the open solitude of that sky! I remember once,
when Jane hopped out of the Alton, after a spell of hootin’ with Ned, she
said to him: “I _love_ to be all alone with you up there!” And Ned was
never quite the same when he came down from a flit with Jane, anyhow!

Well, while the Alton was banking and skimming at about a thousand, Robert
Bennett Alton himself came out onto the field. He was owner of the field,
and of the factory where the Altons were made. He was manufacturing a
sturdy, speedy, almost foolproof plane that was just about the ultimate in
aviation on a small scale. A man dissatisfied with anything short of
perfection--that was Alton. And a fine man, in and out from the heart. He
stood beside me, watching his little moth weave across the sky.

“What a ship!” I said. “What a joy of a ship!”

“It seems to handle well, Benny,” was all Alton said. “What--what’s that?”

Starin’, I went cold. From the front of the plane some black smoke spouted
out; and then came the flashin’ of fire. Fire it was! The nose of that
plane was bein’ licked by the flames leapin’ back from the engine. One
second it had been all o. k., and the next it was pushin’ a bonfire
through the sky! If the fire reached the gasoline lines and the tank--if
it kindled the linen--it meant disaster! And I, myself, I had inspected
that ship to make sure it was o. k. All but passin’ out, I continued to
stare, and Mr. Alton got as white as the clouds.

“Benny, who’s pilotin’ that ship?”

“Jane!”

“What!”

Now the plane was sideslippin’ away from the flames; it tore off them, and
they disappeared.

“And Jane knows her stuff!” I shouted.

Once havin’ snapped away from the danger, Jane dove at full throttle, but
the fire flashed out again, worse than before. As soon as it did, Jane
sideslipped again, and the wind put the fire out. This time when she
recovered she banked steep, gradually losin’ altitude and made for the T.
Mushin’ out, she cut the gun, and the Alton glided for the sand. The fire
popped out again, not so bad this time, but bad enough!

The burnin’ ship trundled in, and before it stopped Ned Knight was out of
it. Jane jumped right behind him. Ned scooped up sand and threw it on the
fire, and Jane worked just as fast. Mr. Alton and me and some of the other
boys ran for the ship, but by the time we got there, the fire was all out.

Ned Knight, plenty mad, stepped up to me chin first. “Benny, your job is
to keep these ships in trim, ain’t it--’specially this one, that’s goin’
to fly the race--or was! Then how come the timin’ is off, and fire got
sucked back into the carburetor? I’ll bet my hat that the screen and drain
is in bad shape, too, you--. Good gosh!”

“Well, I got it out all right, didn’t I?” inquired Jane, who seemed to
think that any scrape wasn’t very bad if she got out of it alive.

“You sure did! You got us out like a veteran. Jane, you’re all right.
Benny, dang you--”

I wasn’t wastin’ time standin’ there and bein’ bawled out. I put my head
into that motor, and it took only a minute for me to find out that some
monkey business had been goin on--grease-monkey business! The engine had
been tampered with. Our pet Alton! The ship we were dressin’ for the race!
And with Jane in it! Lord!

I whirled around and barked out my troubles. And then there was plenty of
quiet for a minute.

                *       *       *       *       *

Ned Knight moved first. Some other members of the hangar crew had come
out to share the excitement. He singled out a pilot named Stud Walker, and
stepped right up to him. Ugly eyes that man had, and an ugly face, and an
ugly heart--Walker. His eyes sort of flashed with fear, and he tried to
back away, but Ned had him nailed.

“Walker, lemme ask you some questions! Last night, while I was fussin’
around the field, I heard somebody inside this Alton’s hangar. That was
strange. By the time I got it unlocked, and went inside, the noises
stopped, and the hangar was empty. But I found a hole in the sand, under
the tin wall, that was fresh dug, and that hole was hid by two empty oil
barrels. You know anything about that? I’ll answer for you. You know _all_
about it. You’re the man that tampered with the plane!”

“You can’t prove--” Walker gulped.

“Your guilty face proves it for me! I’m goin’ to smash--”

Ned began to sail in with both hands and feet, but I grabbed him. While he
was talkin’, two other greaseballs had got behind Walker, and blocked his
retreat. Also, they kept Ned from killin’ him. And right then Mr. Robert
Bennett Alton himself stepped up and spoke.

“Ned, if you’re accusin’ this man of tamperin’ with that plane, I hope you
can prove what you say.”

“Mr. Alton,” Ned came back, “some time ago I caught Walker tappin’ a gin
bottle on the field, and ever since then I’ve been watchin’ him. A few
days ago he acted funny. I watched closer. After dark a sedan drew up, and
Walker got in. The car stayed, and I watched it. Inside it was Gifford, at
the wheel--Gifford, of the Stormbird people. He and Walker were talkin’
low. Then I saw Gifford pass money to Walker. That is proof enough for me
that he’s in Gifford’s pay, working against us. He was clever enough to
jim the plane so I couldn’t find the trouble last night, but he’s got
now!”

Walker looked plenty sick. Alton looked at him, and he couldn’t look back.
He might ’ve killed Ned Knight and Jane--Jane!--with his trick, done for
pay. He couldn’t face the man that had hired him out of good faith.

“Walker, you look guilty!” Alton spoke up. “You’ve tried to cripple us in
favor of the Stormbird people--so they can win over us, of course, in the
air derby tomorrow. Thank the Lord you won’t have a chance to get in any
more of your dirty work! The Stormbirds are so afraid that we’ll outfly
them that they have to hire crooks to beat us, eh? Do you know, Walker,
that you could be jailed for what you’ve done?”

Walker was white around the gills.

“Walker, I don’t want to bother with you. I think too little of you and
what you’ve done to prefer charges against you. Now, Walker, get off this
field. Get off! If you show your face on it again, man, I’ll break you
with my bare hands!”

Alton didn’t usually say much, but this was plenty for the occasion, and
he meant every word. Alton’s contempt was worse than a lickin’ for Walker
to take. Let loose, he shambled away, looks of disgust and hate followin’
him. When he disappeared around the hangars, the field seemed like a
better place to stay.

Mr. Alton spoke quietly now to the boys, askin’ ’em to look over the
planes careful, suggestin’ that a guard be put around the hangars tonight
so that nothin’ could happen to the planes before the start of the air
race the next day; and they’d better keep a gun handy; and--

“Ned!” Jane called out, not bein’ able to hold herself in any longer.
“Please, let’s get another plane out and go right back up!”

                *       *       *       *       *

“Jane,” Mr. Alton said, “I want to talk with Ned a little, so you’d better
let the flyin’ go a while. Benny, is that ship damaged much?”

“No, sir,” I answered. “By adjusting the timer and putting in a screen,
and some new ignition wires--they’re burned off--she’ll be shipshape
again.”

“Start on it right away,” Mr. Alton told me. “Ned, how did the ship feel
today?”

“Better than ever before,” Knight answered. “Jane was at the stick, but I
could feel the pull of the new prop. We get the proper revs now when we’re
climbing.”

“The stabilizer?”

“Works like a dream. The ship’s as steady as a Rolls Royce on Fifth Avenue
and she stays that way. Also, it’s easier to hold her head up. And the
ailerons can be used when she’s throttled way down--that’s somethin’
that’s improved with the new prop and stabilizer. She’s ready for any race
now, Mr. Alton.”

“Good!” said the Boss.

The boys’d been helpin’ me to roll the plane tail-to into the hangar, and
then, leavin’ Mr. Alton, Jane, Ned and me in there alone, they went back
to work. I tore off the old ignition wires while Mr. Alton talked.

“Ned, are you ready to fly your best tomorrow? Goin’ to reach Curtiss
ahead of all the other entries, are you?”

“Sure he is!” spoke up Jane. “I’m his mascot!”

“I think your plane is a better flyer than any other in the line-up, Mr.
Alton,” Ned answered. “The Stormbird will tail us, but we’ll win.”

“I hope so!” Mr. Alton came back, sighin’. “Ned, I’m goin’ to take you
into my confidence. You’re goin’ to pilot that ship tomorrow, and Benny
will be along with you, and you both ought to know that I’m bankin’ on you
boys heavily. Aside from the purse--which, of course, the pilot is goin’
to keep, for he’s the man that is goin’ to earn it--the reputation of the
Alton is at stake. The number of accidents that have happened recently in
Altons has given us a black-eye, Ned--you know that.”

“People’ll forget that when we zip across the finish field first,” Ned
answered.

“They will--if we win,” Mr. Alton answered. “That will help. But that’s
not all. That ill will has hurt our business. We have been runnin’ on a
shoestring--and we’ve just about reached the end of it. We need the
winnin’ place in this race because of the good it will do our business. If
we don’t come in number one, Ned, I’m afraid that we’ll have to be closing
up the plant soon.”

Ned got pale, and I forgot work, and Jane listened plumb excited. Mr.
Alton was talkin’ in a low, serious tone. Since the Alton plant was all
any of us had in life right then, it was serious. We knew business had
been bad, but we never suspected it was that bad--never suspected that
this air derby was becomin’ a life and death matter for Alton planes.

“I’ll explain a little more,” Mr. Alton went on, solemn and quiet. “You
know that the United Airways is holding up a large order of planes--enough
to keep us busy for the better part of a year--and will place its order
dependin’ on the outcome of the race tomorrow. They’re lookin’ for speed
and stamina, and they think they’ll find it in the winnin’ ship. I had a
talk with Finley, the manager, last night. ‘Win the race, and I’ll place
my order with you,’ he said. That’s how the matter stands. And that United
order, if we get it, will save our lives.”

Lord!

“There are other orders in the balance, too,” Mr. Alton went on. “The
government is going to give the winner some places in the air mail and
border patrol fleets, to replace the antiquated DeHavilands. There’s a
passenger airport in Texas that I’ve been tryin’ to land, that’s waitin’
for the winner to take the order away from it. I could name half a dozen
more such examples; but it isn’t necessary.

“You understand, Ned, that when you fly tomorrow, you’ll be flyin’ to
win--win not only the purse for yourself, but a new life for us. And if
you lose--but we won’t think about that now. You’re goin’ to win.”

“Yes, sir,” said Ned. “We’re goin’ to win!” He gave a look at Jane, and
Jane’s eyes sparkled. “There’s still another reason why I’m goin’ to win,
Mr. Alton!”

“There is?”

“A pilot that ain’t married usually hasn’t got a habit of savin’ his
money--and I’ve spent all mine, till lately. But if I had to buy a house
and a lot of furniture, right now, I couldn’t do it. But with that purse
in my pocket--five thousand dollars--it wouldn’t be so hard! I want to do
that, Mr. Alton. I want to win that race, and then step up to you, and
say, ‘Sir, I want to marry your daughter!’”

Mr. Alton smiled. “From Jane’s conversation at home, which has just two
subjects--flyin’ and Ned--I’d suspected the situation.” He chuckled. “I’d
rather have a pilot for a son-in-law than anybody else, and of all the
pilots I know, you rate highest with me, Ned. Well, after you win that
race, and step up to me, and say your say, I’ll talk with you about it!”

“Thanks!”

Mr. Alton walked out of the hangar, havin’ said _his_ say to us--which was
plenty. For a few minutes I was stunned. Things was comin’ too fast for
me. That whole big plant, out there, was in danger of vanishin’. Those
peppy little Altons were in danger of eventually droppin’ out of the air.
Altons had been the subject of our talk and dreams for years, and if they
went--it would be worse than a death in the family. And yet, there the
whole matter was, flat up and lookin’ us in the face-- and all of us
swore, right then, that this Alton _had_ to win that race!

I turned and got to work on it--and how I began to work!

Somethin’ that happened behind me sounded a whole lot like a kiss.

“So!” said Jane Alton. “You think, do you, Ned Knight, that you’re goin’
to win me in a race as though I was a kewpie doll on a rack?”

“Why--”

“And if you don’t win the race, you won’t ask me to marry you at all?”

“Well, gosh!”

“Young man,” said Jane in her most business-like manner, “I have somethin’
to say to you--in private!”

She tugged him out of the hangar. Beyond the doors I could hear ’em
whisperin’. Then they moved away, and I didn’t see either of ’em again
that day--because I wasn’t lookin’ at anythin’ but that plane.

I worked on her like a maniac. I forgot lunch and dinner and kept workin’
on her till my arms were about ready to drop off. I wouldn’t let anybody
else touch her. I tested her everywhere, tuned her to the prettiest pitch
she could give, tightened her everywhere she would tighten. There wasn’t
any dingus on that plane that I overlooked. When I called a halt it was
after midnight.

Then I put blankets beside her, and tried to go to sleep; but I couldn’t
sleep. I had to get up and look her over again. Every half hour after that
I was up, to make sure I’d tested somethin’ that I thought I _might_ have
overlooked. I couldn’t stay away from that plane. Too much was dependin’
on it and the shape it was in.

And at last, as I was for the tenth time feelin’ over the control wires, I
saw light comin’ through the cracks of the door, and I knew it was
tomorrow.

The day of the Trans-state Air Derby had come!

                *       *       *       *       *

It was the day of days. All over the country, airplane makers had been
lookin’ forward to this day, and preparin’ for it. Every maker of light
planes was goin’ to be represented with the best job they could turn out.
A string of single-motored planes was goin’ to line up, every one ready to
do its best, and compete for the championship--and the competition was
goin’ to be murder! A big Commission was behind the project, directin’ it.
Newspapers all over the world were runnin’ notices of it, ’cause the
results were goin’ to be official; and the winner’s name was goin’ to be
written right into air history in big red letters.

There’d been guards outside the hangar all night; and when a knock came, I
opened the doors. Ned Knight, fresh and dapper, came in, bringin’ a early
mornin’ paper. He showed it to me. Splashed all over the front page was
big headlines: _Planes Ready For Big Cross Country Race!_ There below was
the list of makers: Alton, Stormbird, Zephyr, Lightning, Ranbros, Impco,
and all of ’em. And then the pilot’s name: Alton carryin’ Ben Benson and
piloted by Ned Knight. Stormbird carryin’ William Carson and piloted by--

“Good gosh, Ned!” I busted out. “That must be a misprint!”

“Nope, Benny; it must be true. Stormbird’s made a change in pilots at the
last minute.”

Right there in black and white it said that the pilot of the Stormbird
entry was goin’ to be Stud Walker! Stud Walker, the self-same crook that
we’d fired off the field--who had been in Stormbird pay, and jimmed our
plane! It was easy to see that Stormbird was usin’ him because Walker
would be hell-bent to beat us out, for our handlin’ of him. We were goin’
to have a real enemy flyin’ against us!

“Gosh!” I croaked. “Ned, we can sure count on Walker’s beatin’ us if he
possibly can. He’ll fly like a wild man to beat us!”

“I’m goin’ to do some flyin’ myself,” Ned came back. “Is the plane ready,
Benny? If it is, we’d better be gettin’ over the field. We’ve got to check
in and get lined up. Mr. Alton has drawn third place for us.”

“Third? Who’s second and first?”

“Impco is second.”

“And--?”

“Stormbird is first.”

“Hang it all! They’re gettin’ the breaks all around. I suppose it figures
out all right in the end, but-- I hate to have ’em leadin’ us at the very
start!”

“Benny, aren’t you goin to dress up? Those overalls of yours ’re dirty
enough to walk around by themselves.”

“I wouldn’t change ’em for a suit of ermine, Ned,” I answered. “They may
be dirty as mud, but I love ’em!”

Then, Ned tells me, we should be on our way. We roll the plane out, and
block her; Ned gets in, contacts her, and we pump the prop. She roars off,
higher and higher, and the engine begins to warm and sing a sweet song.
When she’s hot, she’s the sweetest soundin’ motor I ever heard. Grinnin’
all over our faces, Ned and I get set. She steps off down the field,
swings into the air, and away we go, for the startin’ field, as full of
hope as any man could be without bustin’.

Pretty soon the field slides into view. There’s a crowd pushin’ around on
it, and lined up, staggered in back of each other, are planes. We circle
and come down, and taxi smoothly across the field. Then we ground-loop
neatly, and come amblin’ back. Ned cuts the motor, and we hop out. For a
minute we’re busy registerin’, and then official greaseballs push the
plane into place, third in the line.

And there’s the Stormbird, our deadly opponent, with its nose ’way out in
front. As we come past it, the pilot comes away from it. It is Walker,
lookin’ uglier ’n ever, with gloatin’ eyes and crooked sneer. We give him
hard looks and want to go on, but he has somethin’ to say.

“Yesterday was your innin’, you hooters. Today is mine. I’m goin’ to fly
you off the map!”

“Not in that wash-tub!” I come back.

“Hush up, Benny!” Ned nudges me. “Walker, you’re takin’ all the joy out of
this race. We want to fly with real flyers, not with crooks. Depend on it,
man, we don’t intend to be beaten by dirty play. And if you fly square,
Walker-- you’ve only primed yourself for the lickin’ of your life!”

Walker glares a killin’ look at us, and cusses us out as we pass on.

Then there’s a squeal, and Jane Alton comes rushin’ around the line of
officials, followed by her Dad. She runs up to Ned and, right out in
public, gives him a big kiss. She talks fast as a whirlwind, bein’ all
jazzed up with excitement and hope. Her Dad just shakes us by the hand and
says:

“In a few minutes you’ll be off, boys. Remember--we’re goin’ to win.”

We promise him--our hearts in our throats. That big Stormbird looks like a
flyin’ devil to us and winnin’ won’t be a cinch for anybody.

Jane asks, breathless: “Ned, won’t you _please_ take me along?”

Ned laughs. “No, Jane. It can’t be done. I’m sorry.”

“Oh, please!” she begs.

And he chuckles again, “No!”

Mr. Alton closes in then for a confidential talk with Ned; and Jane, in a
minute, grabs my sleeve and pulls me a little bit aside.

“Benny, will you do somethin’ for me?”

“Jane,” I says, “All you’ve got to do is ask.”

She pulls me aside a little farther. “Would you do it for me, even if it
meant a lot to you?”

“Well, Jane,” I say, “I guess I can equal anybody so far as doin’ things
for you is concerned. You know that.”

She tugs me still farther, and we’re gettin’ close to the locker room.

“Benny,” she says then, “I want to fly in this race with Ned.”

I choke up at that unexpected request, but I might ’a’ known Jane would
’ve been dyin’ to get up in the air on this big occasion.

“Gosh, Jane!” I say. “We couldn’t stow you away. It’d overweight the plane
and hurt our chances to--”

“Oh, I don’t want to stowaway!” she says. “I want you to let me take your
place!”

Oh, boy! She was askin’ the impossible. There she was, with her implorin’
blue eyes close to mine, eyes shinin’ with hope and fire, and beggin’ me,
beggin’ me. No, sir, I couldn’t let her do that--but there she was, a girl
I just couldn’t refuse if she’d asked for my life. Lettin’ her go up in my
place would be a crazy thing to do, but she kept beggin’ me with little
pleases and won’t-yous, and Bennies, spoken soft like, and--Lord!

“If you let me get into your coveralls, and helmet and goggles, nobody’ll
ever know the diff’rence!” she said.

“Jane, please don’t go beggin’ me!” I begged her. “It ain’t fair to me. I
can’t resist you any more ’n the tail of a plane can resist the prop. You
know Ned would blow up if he heard of it, and your Dad--and Lord!”

“Benny, it’s the only thing I’ve ever asked of you; and it means more to
me than anything else in the world right now. I’ve _got_ to fly in that
race--_got_ to. Benny--Benny--please!”

“Oh, Lord!”

“All you’d have to do is slip into that private locker and take off those
overalls, and then stay out of sight. I’d just get in ’em, and climb into
the plane, and stay there. Benny--please?”

“You can’t do any good up there--”

“Don’t you know that Ned will fly worlds better if I’m along with him? And
you want us to win, don’t you?”

“Oh, Lord!” I said. “Well--here goes!”

Right then she flung her arms around my neck, hugged me close, and kissed
me one, two, three times right on the lips, and said, “Oh, Benny!” And
after that I wasn’t nearly in my right mind. I dived into the locker, shed
my overalls, and eased out again. With one last look at her, I dived into
the crowd and lost myself.

Jane hurried into the locker, and in a minute she was out, in my coveralls
and helmet and goggles. I could hardly believe my eyes, she looked so much
like me! It was sure astonishin’. She eased back toward the planes, just
when a guy in a megaphone was shoutin’ the last warnin’. Jane walked right
past Ned and Mr. Alton and made for the plane.

“I’ve got to get into the ship!” Ned said. “Say, where’s Jane? Ain’t she
goin’ to wish me good luck?”

They looked around for her, while she was within ten feet of ’em.

“Say, Benny, have you seen Jane?” Ned hollered at her; and she wags her
head: no!

The last minute is gone; and Ned is forced to his plane. Jane was already
in when he got there; he climbs in, not givin’ her any special notice.
There is a poppin’ and roarin’ of motors all around, up and down the line.
Greaseballs turn the Alton over, and she sings a sweet tune. The whole
line-up is stirrin’ up a tornado when _bang!_ a shot-gun goes off--which
means the race is started!

The Stormbird tears off like a maniac, lifts, climbs steady, and then
deadheads on. Thirty seconds pass, forty, fifty, sixty. Then, _bango!_ the
gun goes off again, and the Imp plane stretches itself out across the
sand. It lifts, roars, pulls on, and flies in the wake of the Stormbird.

Ned Knight bends to his stick and glues his eyes to the instrument. The
seconds are tickin’ off. Forty--fifty--sixty! _Whacko!_ The gun! Ned
stomps on the gas. Away goes the Alton. It takes off quick, climbs fast
and, roarin’ high, plows into the sky.

And I, back on the field, watch it go with tears in my eyes!

One by one, at sixty-second intervals, the planes take off, and soon
they’re parading along the sky, and trailin’ out of sight. Once they’re
gone, there is nothin’ to do but wait for reports along the way. The crowd
lingers, and I avoid Mr. Alton. He goes to his car; I just float around.
What’s happenin’ to Ned and Jane now, I wonder? What’s goin to happen to
’em as they drive across half a dozen states. Are they goin’ to pull onto
Long Island and get down to Curtiss first? Oh, Lord!

Well, plenty happened in that plane on the way, and this is what!

Ned Knight concentrated on his controls as he had never concentrated
before. In the back seat Jane just sat and enjoyed herself. Little by
little the Alton went up to her top speed. With the throttle gradually
opened, she tore through the sky screaming. With the wires shrieking, the
struts rattling, the whole plane trembling and throbbing, it roared on its
way, hell-bent for victory.

The string of planes kept goin’ across the sky spaced like they were at
the take off for a while. At the Ohio line one of them began to drop, and
took to the ground, disabled, and disqualified, ’cause the race was a
non-stop affair. Another one soon followed. Others began to draw back a
little, and still others drove ahead a little. And while Ned was strivin’
to pass the Impco and reach the Stormbird, Jane removed her helmet and
goggles, and then reached forward and gently tapped his shoulder.

Ned looked back; for a minute he thought he was dreamin’. Then he shouted
something that was lost in the thunder of the motors, and bored on. He
couldn’t snap off the ignition a minute; ’t would slow the plane. Jane
smiled at him, still enjoyin’ every minute; and then he looked back again,
and grinned. He’d caught onto the joy of the thing and then Jane was
satisfied.

Ned bent to his controls again, for the Impco was slippin’ closer. It
wasn’t bearin’ up under the continued, terrific strain. Ned grasped the
opportunity and kept the throttle wide open. Bit by bit the Impco slid
back, and Ned gave it a wide berth. Slowly, but surely, the Alton
advanced. For miles the planes bobbed side by side; and then the Alton
crept forward, inch by inch, until it was leadin’.

Jane gaily waved at the Impco pilot and threw him a couple of kisses!

The Alton bored on, and Ned concentrated on the Stormbird. It was still
thundering on, a strong ship, much better than the Imp, perhaps equal to
ours--perhaps even better! Ned kept the throttle wide; and Jane settled
down to the serious business of takin’ the lead.

The earth was bobbin’ below the planes, slidin’ by gentle but fast; one
town and another came into view and disappeared. And then the Alton began
to wobble. The motor roared up and down. Ned was actin’ funny with the
controls. Jane watched him close; and then she saw Ned’s head bob, and his
shoulders slide forward. Just then the ship began to dive and lose speed.

“Ned!” Jane screeched, grabbing his shoulder and shakin’ him. “What’s the
matter?”

He pulled himself together some, looked around; and in his eyes was a
dreamy, sick look. Jane shook him again; but he acted almost drunk. His
lips mumbled words that were lost in the motor’s roar; but Jane knew that
something was very much wrong with him.

The ship was losin’ speed; the Stormbird was leading by a long distance;
and even the Imp was drawing close again. Jane didn’t wait for any more
trouble. She unsnapped her safety belt and, calm as you please, put one
leg across and into the fore pit. Then she pulled forward, and came into
the pit with Ned. She crammed herself down into and on him, and grabbed
the stick. Ned’s feet were loose on the rudder-bars, but the stabilizer
kept the plane on an even keel without much help from the controls.

Jane shook Ned again; and he was conkin’ out fast. He pulled off one glove
and looked at his right hand. It was red and swole up, and across it was a
red streak, a scratch. He looked up with eyes full of pitiful request for
help, and tried to talk. Jane was desperate; she cut the switch to hear
him.

“Sick,” he mumbled. “Scratch--somebody on field. Bumped against me. Must
be--poisoned. Oh,--I can’t--go on----”

And he slumped forward in the pit. Jane snapped on the ignition, kept the
stick steady, pulled Ned back up, and pleaded in his ear.

“Try, Ned! Try to get up! Try to get back into the other pit. I’ll handle
the stick. You get back--try! Please try!”

Sick as he was, he tried. He dragged himself up and tottered in the air,
while Jane assisted all she could. Then Ned tumbled into the rear pit,
half on the seat, and without makin’ a move to get up, passed out
completely.

Jane settled to the controls with all the fire she had--which was plenty!
She snapped on the ignition and opened the throttle wide as she could. The
motor blasted. The plane almost jumped ahead. The Imp, which was almost
nose to nose with the Alton again, gradually dropped back. There was the
Stormbird, far ahead. Jane fixed her blue eyes on that plane, and kept the
throttle open, and prayed.

She didn’t understand perfectly then what had happened to Ned. It was
this: while he was on the field, talkin’ with Alton--while Jane was
talkin’ with me, private!--somebody brushed past him, and then Ned
discovered a scratch on his hand, lookin’ like it was made by a pin. He
thought nothin’ of it, but that scratch was full of a drug. What it was we
don’t know yet, but it was powerful, and without the shadow of a doubt it
had been used by somebody in the Stormbird people’s pay--somebody,
probably at Stud Walker’s behest. The object was to put the Alton out of
the race by cripplin’ its pilot--and, if it hadn’t been for Jane, the
trick would have succeeded! But with Jane at the stick, it was far from
succeedin’!

Jane stretched that ship to the limit. The Imp bobbed far behind.
Territory unreeled under her. The Stormbird loomed large again. Both ships
were goin’ their limit. The race settled down to a question of which ship
had the more speed and power and stamina, and the victor would be decided
by a very narrow margin. Jane kept the throttle wide, and waited for the
Alton to do its stuff--and it did.

Slowly she drew up. She kept the Alton on a level with the Stormbird’s
tail for a hundred miles. Then slowly the differences in the ships began
to tell. The Alton crept up. An inch. Another inch. Another inch--forward
always, at a mad airspeed, the motor blasting like a demon loose out of
hell, the whole ship shaking, the wires screaming. The earth spun and
veered. Another inch--another. Little by little the Alton crept up on the
Stormbird until, prop even with prop, they drove ahead without either
gainin’ a mite.

Once again the Stormbird began to slip back; and Jane--yes!--tossed Mr.
Stud Walker an ironic kiss!

Jane kept that ship howlin’. On she went. On. The skies began to darken.
The air got a little bumpy. The visibility dropped. The exhaust tubes of
the planes, white-hot, spouted orange fire. And Jane drove on. Little by
little, again, the Alton took its margin of lead.

What was that? Water! Long Island Sound! Only a few miles away was the
finish field!

Jane kept the plane drivin’. The Stormbird howled on the Alton’s tail.
Both planes were crazy flyin’ things--crazy.

Then the field, the big square! Closer and closer! Jane stepped down to
it, slowin’ as little as possible. Down she swooped, and the ground swung
up at her. She felt the trucks touch. She zipped across the sand; she
ground looped; she trundled back. And as she came to a stop, and the crowd
started for her, the Stormbird dropped out of the sky.

Jane jumped out of her plane. She knew Ned wasn’t seriously hurt, but he
needed help, and to the first man she saw she shouted: “Get a doctor!”
Then, with reporters mobbin’ her, she just smiled, gave her name and that
of the plane, and waited until a fat man with an official badge, head of
the Committee, came up to her. Then she said pertly:

“Well, I guess I won, didn’t I?”

The Committeeman was flabbergasted. He hadn’t expected to see a girl.
Reporters were yowlin’ for Jane’s name, and facts about her, knowin’ that
a girl hadn’t been scheduled to pilot the Alton, and sensin’ a big story.
The Committeeman muffed a few words, not knowin’ what to do or say, but
seein’ plain enough that she had got to the field first.

Then a man in leather tunic and with goggle-prints around his eyes came
pushin’ through the crowd, with four other Committeemen, all lookin’
indignant and outraged. That guy was Walker--Walker was howlin’.

“There she is!” he yelped. “This race is bein’ run on the square, ain’t
it? Well, you can’t rate her winner. She isn’t the pilot that belongs to
that ship. Her name is Alton--the pilot registered for this plane is named
Knight!”

The Committeeman got red-faced and mad and still more dignified. They
waved a hand for silence and bellowed to the reporters, after a hot and
fast conference among themselves:

“The Alton is not the winner of this race. The Alton is not the winner! It
is disqualified because of irregularities. The official winner of the race
is the Stormbird, with Walker pilotin’!”

“Just a minute!” Jane spoke up, pert and clear. “Where are the
irregularities? The Alton has come through clean, without any. The pilot
of this ship is supposed to be Knight, and it wins the race because _my
name is_ Knight!”

That’s a poser.

“I intended to fly this ship all along!” Jane declared. “And I win the
race--”

“Your name is Knight?” the Committeemen demanded in one big voice.

“Yes, indeed,” said Jane. “Mrs. Ned Knight. It has been that since last
evenin’. So there!”

                *       *       *       *       *

Whenever I see Jane comin’ onto the testin’ field of the big, boomin’,
prosperous Alton factory, to take a little sky-spin with her husband, I
size her up and sigh and tell myself all over again that that girl sure
looks right in a flyin’ suit!

                                THE END


[Transcriber’s Note: This story appeared in the August 1928 issue of
Adventure magazine.]





*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PLANE JANE ***


    

Updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.


START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg™
electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person
or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B. “Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the
Foundation” or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg™
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg™ work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work
on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the
phrase “Project Gutenberg” is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

    This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
    other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
    whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
    of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online
    at www.gutenberg.org. If you
    are not located in the United States, you will have to check the laws
    of the country where you are located before using this eBook.
  
1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg™ License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg™ License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format
other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg™ website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain
Vanilla ASCII” or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg™ License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
provided that:

    • You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
        the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method
        you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
        to the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has
        agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
        Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
        within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
        legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
        payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
        Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
        Section 4, “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
        Literary Archive Foundation.”
    
    • You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
        you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
        does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™
        License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
        copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
        all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™
        works.
    
    • You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
        any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
        electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
        receipt of the work.
    
    • You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
        distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.
    

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg™ trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg™ collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right
of Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ‘AS-IS’, WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™

Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™’s
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg™ and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org.

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.

The Foundation’s business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation’s website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without widespread
public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state
visit www.gutenberg.org/donate.

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate.

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg™ eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org.

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg™,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.


